Yeah I can do it,
>> It was [CROSSTALK] the end.
>> That's right.
>> So what what else you got obviously?
>> Well,
I could do something with simple-peer,
I've to install it really quick.
>> Yeah I think we should see
some peer to peer, it's okay.
>> Let's go ahead and do that.
So I'm gonna use this module by
Feros called simple-peer which
is WebRTC peer to peer
streams in the browser.
You do need a bunch of
other pieces though,
we're gonna need a signalhub,
and I forgot to ask that.
Yeah, it's been a while since
I've done one of these demos off
the top of my head, so
I think I'm gonna have to look at the,
Some claps in the chat, very good.
[LAUGH] Okay, so with simple-peer.
No, this is not the one
that I actually use.
I use a module that's on top of
simple-peer that hooks into signal hub.
I think it's called WebRTC stream.
That's the one.
Yeah, webrtc-stream.
Swarm, webrtc-swarm,
that's the one that we can use.
Yeah, this is the one that
you hook up to signal hubs.
You don't have to write
your own initializer.
Okay, so.
It's more or less like the hello world for
webrtc-swarm so nothing too sophisticated
you can just read the example of
the readme of this package and
do the same yourself.
But pretty much, if you set up
webrtc-swarm, you can talk to a signal
hub, which is a special kind of server.
I hope that mafintosh is
still running a signal hub.
Otherwise if they're running locally,
it's sorry.
hub.mafintosh.com, yes, great.
It's still running fantastic.
So, what we can do now is build
their own little program.
So, call it swarm.js.
This is gonna be browser code that
we're gonna run in the browser,
because it's easiest way to get WebRTC.
That's not true actually, electrons
bond is kind of easy and people do that,
all right, So we've got to require
WebRTC swarm, Requires signal hub.
Signal hub is the only piece of
infrastructure that sort of like
a server because the peers
have sort of a lobby.
Where they're gonna exchange router
hole punching information to go through
nets, network address table, anyways.
>> That's like a requisite
of WebRTC itself.
>> Yeah, yeah, it's something that's
required, it's a server, but whatever.
It's in the browser.
That's pretty cool.
>> So it's just used in initialization.
>> Yeah, and
it's only during the initial phases.
So it's not like the server is
gonna see any of the content and
it's not like the server is gonna
be mediating the connections.
>> Just gonna intiate connections.
>> Yeah, initiating the connection only.
>> Okay, so we need to come up
with a name for our signalhub.
I'll call it streams-day, I don't know.
[LAUGH] Then we need to
provide a list of signalhub.
So you could actually provide
more than one signalhub and
this package is smart enough
to kind of round robin them or
I don't know what it
does exactly internally.
But I'm gonna use the one that
mafintosh runs who wrote signal hub.
He works on the debt project.
I use a lot of this modules.
You've seen a lot of his modules today.
In fact, like duplexerfy for example,
Anyways, so the next thing we
need to do is set up our swarm.
So we do that with the hub and then
we also need to if we're not in the
browser provider WebRTC implementation.
But we are gonna be in the browser or
electron or
something, I'm not quite sure yet.
So now we can listen for peer events
in the peer that we get
back as a duplex stream.
So we can do everything that we've already
learned in the browser over WebRTC.
In with this peer object.
The thing about peer to peer though,
is that you've actually got to have
symmetric protocols and symmetric
connections because which side is
the server and which side is the client.
Which side is gonna initiate the data,
and it's a little bit hard to
complicated to think through.
But, if you,
have done this mental, exercise,
then, you can build something that works,
in this kinda architecture.
So, what we can do now, that we've got,
this, duplex stream, when it
would do something fun, it could make an
echo server, it would just be that, right?
We could also just, lift.
Yeah, I'm just I'm feeling
kind of lazy right now.
So I'm just gonna lift
at the loud example.
So we're just gonna make
a echo server that's loud,
loud echo server require through, And
we'll pipe our incoming connection to our
to upper and then pipe it back out again.
All right, so, now we need a way of
writing data into the other side
of the connection and also reading data so
that we can see what were being sent.
Well, I guess we don't have
to do that we can only, yeah.
So, except all of these peers now
are gonna be writing to upper in a loop
because it's a symmetric connection.
So maybe that's not the best idea,
what else could we do?
I guess we can use this terrible hack
to just see what people are sending us.
Yeah, this will be fine.
And then we need some sort of text box.
I'm just gonna hack one
of those out really fast.
This time I'm gonna Ctrl+Shift+R so
that Chrome doesn't give
me that horrible problem.
So, I'll just create a document,
create element,
div and I'm gonna pin that
to the dom by doing this.
And then I'm gonna,
have an update function which I
call immediately cuz I always forget to do
that, and then it's gonna look like that.
And then I'm gonna html.updates
with the root element and
DomString and
a template with a div wrapper.
Can I have a form with an on submit?
Given, had a chance to play with
template strings, they're really great.
It's the only part of ES6 that I use.
And I'll just use my
favorite input type="test",
name="msg" tag that I always use for
everything.
Sure, and I'll even do the pre thing
that we did in the other demo, why not?
So have an output array.
That'll work, I think.
So now if we get data,
we need to push it to output
array in order to log it and
then call update.
And our onsubmit function now,
Will send data to all of
the peers that are connected.
So first of all, we're gonna need
to keep track of all of our peers.
So I'm gonna do that with an object.
And if we get a new peer, gonna do.
So, let me think here.
>> Peers id is the second.
>> Yeah, peer.id, so
I can do peers, peer.id.
I'll go with this the second argument?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, yeah, that works better.
Okay = peer, and
then there's a disconnect event or
I could use the end of stream function.
Why don't use that cuz I covered it, sure.
So on end equals require and of stream cuz
I don't like to think about all of
the different ways that streams can end.
So, that stream ends then
delete it from the list.
This hacky function,
why don't I do things properly?
This is a class in everything.
So to.function buf, enc, next.
All right there I did it proper, whatever.
Okay, and we need to require that.
So am I even using three two anymore?
I don't think so.
All right, so we require to two,
we have our HTML garbage.
And now finally we need to ev.prevent
default in our on submit handler.
We need to this dot elements
that messaged value
gets pushed to each one of the peers.
So we need to loop over
object.keys peers for each.
And that's gonna give us
the ID is the key, so
we need to do peers ID these are duplex
stream so we can write to them, id write.
That plus a new line, why not?
Cuz new ones are nice and,
Guess that's it.
Yeah, this.reset that's nice.
You hit enter,
it's nice if like the text goes away.
You could also assign it but this is less
typing, so this might work who knows?
Try it here.
Okay, so I'm gonna have, so
I'm using budo which does browserify
on your files automatically.
It's 1 megabyte of
JavaScript cuz there's so
many dependencies underneath this thing.
So if here I've got an incognito
window and I've got a normal window so
they are gonna talk to each other,
hopefully, okay?
All right type error message of undefined.
Let's see what I messed up.
This.elements do you see what it is?
I see it.
This inside of object keys for each,
I'm just gonna save that outside of here.
There we go.
I do that budo's gonna recompile it for
me so
I don't have to think about it,
Ctrl+ Shift+R, Ctrl+Shift+R.
It's talking peer to peer.
If all of you run this program,
you will also join the same chatroom,
even though it's running on your system,
I'm gonna leave this running and
I'm gonna push the get code.
And if you run the program, you should
start to show up on this as well.